New Resource/Data Source: `azurerm_nat_gateway` and `azurerm_subnet_nat_gateway_association` (#4449)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/nat_gateway.html.markdown

---
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_nat_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-nat-gateway"
description: |-

>   Manage Azure NatGateway instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.
```

---

# azurerm_nat_gateway

> Manage Azure NatGateway instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the nat gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Nat Gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Resource Group where the Nat Gateway should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where this resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: Is `location` really optional?

```suggestion
* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `idle_timeout_in_minutes` - (Optional) The idle timeout of the nat gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `idle_timeout_in_minutes` - (Optional) The idle timeout of the Nat Gateway. Defaults to `4`.
```

> * `public_ip_address_ids` - (Optional) A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_public_ip` resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `public_ip_address_ids` - (Optional) A list of existing `azurerm_public_ip` resource IDs.
```

> * `public_ip_address_ids` - (Optional) A list of existing `azurerm_public_ip` resource IDs.

Reviewer: Could we add a little more details here what the property does, not just what it is?

Author: I added more detail for this

> * `public_ip_prefix_ids` - (Optional) A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_public_ip_prefix` resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `public_ip_prefix_ids` - (Optional) A list of existing `azurerm_public_ip_prefix` resource IDs.
```

> * `public_ip_prefix_ids` - (Optional) A list of existing `azurerm_public_ip_prefix` resource IDs.

Reviewer: Could we add a little more details here what the property does, not just what it is?

Author: I added more detail for this

> * `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the NAT gateway resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the Nat Gateway.
```

> * `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the Nat Gateway.

Reviewer: Could we add a little more details here what the property does, not just what it is?

Author: This field is computed, maybe I should remove this from this doc.

Author: Moved to `Attributes Reference` section

> * `sku_name` - (Optional) The nat gateway SKU, supported values: Standard. Defaults to `Standard`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `sku_name` - (Optional) The nat gateway SKU, supported value, `Standard`. Defaults to `Standard`.
```

> * `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones denoting the zone in which Nat Gateway should be deployed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones where the Nat Gateway should be provisioned. Supported values are `1`, `2`, and `3`. For more information on `zones` please refer to the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/availability-zones/az-overview). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

> * `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `subnet_ids` - A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_subnet` resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `subnet_ids` - A list of `azurerm_subnet` resource IDs.
```

> * `subnet_ids` - A list of `azurerm_subnet` resource IDs.

Reviewer: Could we add a little more details here what the property does, not just what it is?

Reviewer: we are also missing the import docs

Author: I added more details about this

* `name` - (Required) The name of the nat gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `idle_timeout_in_minutes` - (Optional) The idle timeout of the nat gateway.

* `public_ip_address_ids` - (Optional) A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_public_ip` resources.

* `public_ip_prefix_ids` - (Optional) A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_public_ip_prefix` resources.

* `resource_guid` - (Optional) The resource GUID property of the NAT gateway resource.

* `sku_name` - (Optional) The nat gateway SKU, supported values: Standard. Defaults to `Standard`.

* `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones denoting the zone in which Nat Gateway should be deployed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `subnet_ids` - A list of IDs of existing `azurerm_subnet` resources.

> * `type` - Resource type.

Reviewer 2: Can we remove this?

Author: Removed

> ---

Reviewer: This file will need to be added to the website index ERB

Author: Done

layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_nat_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-nat-gateway"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.
---

# azurerm_nat_gateway

Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Nat Gateway. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where this resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Could we phrase this like a resource:
```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the NAT Gateway exists.
```

Author: Changed

* `location` - (Optional) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `idle_timeout_in_minutes` - (Optional) The idle timeout of the Nat Gateway. Defaults to `4`.

* `public_ip_address_ids` - (Optional) An array of the IDs of Public IP Addresses associated with the NAT Gateway resource.

* `public_ip_prefix_ids` - (Optional) An array of the IDs of Public IP Prefixes associated with the NAT Gateway resource.

* `sku_name` - (Optional) The nat gateway SKU, supported value, `Standard`. Defaults to `Standard`.

* `zones` - (Optional) A list of availability zones where the Nat Gateway should be provisioned. Supported values are `1`, `2`, and `3`. For more information on `zones` please refer to the [product documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/availability-zones/az-overview). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `resource_guid` - The resource GUID property of the Nat Gateway.

> * `subnet_ids` - An array of IDs of the Subnets using this NAT Gateway resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_ids` - A list subnet IDs that are using this NAT Gateway resource.
```

Author: Done

---
subcategory: ""
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_nat_gateway"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-nat-gateway"
description: |-
  Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.
---
# azurerm_nat_gateway

Manages an Azure NAT Gateway instance.

> -> **NOTE:** The Azure NAT Gateway service is currently in private preview. Your subscription must be on the NAT Gateway private preview whitelist for this resource to be provisioned correctly. If you attempt to provision this resource and receive an `InvalidResourceType` error that means that your subscription is not part of the NAT Gateway private preview whitelist and you will not be able to use this resource. The NAT Gateway private preview service is currently only available in the `East US 2` and `West Central US` regions.

Reviewer: Could we include warnings about possible breaking changes & a note to contact azure support if a user wants to participate?

Author: Added some more information, please have a look
